# Postmortem 2016-06-29

## Release: Firefox 48.0b3 16-06-24

## Buildnum 1
### Issues
- win32 repack crash in update generation, retriggered
- final verification issue for win64 chunk 7 partials because of misspelled Ship it 48.0b2build1 partial instead of 48.0b2build2. Moved on as users under these conditions would be served complete mars instead of partial mars
- Bug 1281199 - caused many windows verifications and a few repacks to be RETRY state
- Buildbot Bridge had MANY issues with RETRIED buildbot jobs, failing to properly mark jobs as started or finished when they were either successful or failed
- Didn't get marked as 'shipped' in ship-it, done

## Release: Firefox 48.0b2 16-06-20

## Buildnum 1
### Issues
- Trees closed due to windows disconnects excerbated diagnosis/resolution of following issues (Bug 1281199)
- Kim Marked that beta-cdntest was ready and it wasn't (e-mail was sent).
- Many failures of Bug 1276110 (issue with wget relating to cloud-mirror. One repack task failed >12 times...
  - Once learning that it only failed in us-east and not us-west we also had the issue that there was no windows builders available in us-west due to the pricing algorithm.
- Buildbot bridge failing to properly update status on some reruns, traceback indicating scope issue, #taskcluster talk exposed that we never claimed the rerun before trying to reclaim it
- Encrypted environment vars used for beetmover expire after only 24 hours, while the task deadline is 4 days. TODO: File bug (and patch) to update the env expirey to match that of the task. Necessitates build2
## Buildnum 2
### Issues
- tc-vcs cache had failed for beta, causing the generate docker image jobs (x3) to fail, as well as the source builder to fail. Manually re-ran after #taskcluster cleared the issue to success.
- 'firefox mozilla-beta win32 l10n repack 1/10' (taskid: iTnbATexRZuKEw-w1XjFSA) actually finished since artifact upload task was ready, marked as such using tctalker
- Also for:
    - 'firefox mozilla-beta win64 l10n repack 8/10' (taskid: SNGVbgRvTMe2iCgD3GcYAw)
    - 'firefox mozilla-beta win32 l10n repack 9/10' (taskid: F3EZs9CaQx-NoYUoFhZ8aA)
- 'win32 beta update verification 8/12' (taskid: stPXNzF9R_Su-ittXiNqrA) actually finished just bbb didn't report that correctly to tc, marked as such using tctalker

## Release: Firefox 47.0.1 16-06-27

## Buildnum 1
### Issues
- Releasetasks didn't tell me to e-mail when release-cdntest was ready, Relman was expecting that. Will update templates.
- Balrog [Bug 1282838](https://bugzil.la/1282838) caused throttling for 47.0 ==> 47.0.1 to be set incorrectly, intended to be 0% however with 0% set it resulted in 100% uptake. Set to 'No-Update' instead with relmans understanding
- Balrog [Bug 1282838](https://bugzil.la/1282838) - ben found a workaround... with an extra rule. Callek doesn't understand it (Will discuss in mtg)

## Release: Firefox 48.0b4 2016-06-27

## Buildnum 1
### Issues
- Releaserunner failed because the jobs were not yet 'ready'. Turned out the rev supplied in shipit ([89f21e80a2ad](https://treeherder.mozilla.org/#/jobs?repo=mozilla-beta&revision=89f21e80a2ad5570d535acacacc09a6f5bd0c473)) was building android-only, Sylvestre told jlund that [676a32cdd41f](https://treeherder.mozilla.org/#/jobs?repo=mozilla-beta&revision=676a32cdd41fd372f4c6df3a4954939f73a6ef02) was also fine.
- win64 repack upload failure, rerun
- OSX EMEFree partner repack failed to report correctly, though it finished correctly -- marked task pYfHUD5JSH-ou_K-585gHw as completed
- Should have e-mailed r-d about beta-cdntest being ready, didn't until now
- Beta 4 has no partials from beta3 because beta3's status in shipit wasn't marked as SHIPPED until monday, meaning b3 wasn't offered as a partial suggestion.

## Release: Fennec 48.0b3 16-06-27

## Buildnum 1
### Issues
- Shipped on Friday, June 24. Postrelease only ran on June 27 ~11:30am PT. And marked as shipped on ship-it at same time.

