# Postmortem 2016-07-13

## Release: Firefox 48.0b6 2016-07-07

## Buildnum 1
### Issues
- BBB scheduled linux 64 l10n chunk 7 twice, what caused a race condition in the artifacts task, failing funsize and beetmover tasks. Reran the artifacts task to schedule it. Reran the corresponding l10n repack to reenerate artifacts again. Need to clean up some files under the releases directory (In [Bug 1285284](https://bugzil.la/1285284)) to make beetmover work for the new generated binaries.
- Builder issues with windows during update verify `rm: cannot lstat `scripts/scripts/release/updates/chunked-verify.sh\': Permission denied` caused some UV jobs to rerun >40 times and many to fail outright
- Windows update verify also failed to run on two machines after the reruns from previous issue due to timeouts during the purge of hg-shared repos (fx-team and m-c), reran.
- BBB died ([Bug 1285410](https://bugzil.la/1285410)) due to some issue related to some of the windows update verifies (ran 50 total runs) BBB basically got confused because there was a rerun when it was trying to process an exception, so 'runs[-1]' didn't have a reasonResolved key... fixed by ignoring the key if missing.
- Around the time of doing the human decision task completion, we had infra issues with cloudops, had to have oremj restart the ffxbld upload server. The reason this matters for the release at that point was Buildbot wasn't doing log uploads, and thus BBB wasn't recognizing that the jobs were finishing and would have died. Rail marked those tasks as complete before the world blew up again (or things started to re-run even though it was successful). Buildbot log uploads were restored to service shortly after and no data was lost.

## Release: Fennec 48.0b4 2016-06-27

## Buildnum 1
### Issues
- Master restart script went off-the-rails and caused the old-style release reconfig to fail. Jlund and Nthomas helped kick the machines, and get the beta started. Coop will work on fixing the restart script

## Release: Fennec 48.0b6 2016-07-07

## Buildnum 1
### Issues
- none. flawless victory

## Release: Thunderbird 45.2
### Issues
- Repack failures - 1x linux mock init, 3x bash problems on win32, including a bad slave causing multiple failing retries
- Abandoned to rebuild same code as 45.2.0

## Release: Thunderbird 45.2.0 16-06-30

## Buildnum 1
### Issues
- linux_repack_10/10 failed when the connection to clobberer reset mid-transaction; rerun
- win32_repack_1/10 and 3/10 hang in upload or update generation, rerun
- New [Bug 1283885](https://bugzil.la/1283885) - prevented using buildbot for balrog submission, done manually

## Release: Firefox 48.0b5 16-07-01

## Buildnum 1
### Issues
- 9BfL484uSuCjRGDsAhR2lw - win32 l10n repack 10/10 - need rerun after upload hang - [bug 1284253](https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=1284253)
- R4EizagoQsGROPpTD1nr-Q - win32 l10n repack 8/10 - stray cancel of job via self-serve. rerun. This may have been incorrect, as Run 1 failed in tc-upload with 'TaskclusterRestFailure: Run 0 was already claimed by another worker.'. Lets see what Run 2 does ...
- _UU5dNjxTFeH8qpTmfJjtQ - win64 l10n repack 8/10 - looks done in buildbot (http://bit.ly/296Ha7O), marked complete with tctalker
- [Bug 1283853](https://bugzil.la/1283853) - Update Monitoring failed, even a re-run just now. Though enough time has passed that I just marked it as complete
- R4EizagoQsGROPpTD1nr-Q - actually "failed" in TC, but artifact task has the artifacts stored so all-is-well. Need to rerun and then report_completed so that things move on
- More BBB fun - 7 out of 12 total mac repacks failed due to 'claim-expired' and caused a TC-based rerun that bbb ignored. Verified all successful in buildbot and marked as completed

